{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red210\green145\blue15;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c100000;\cssrgb\c86275\c63137\c5098;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21380\viewh12100\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Project Title 
\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 Our Project Title is \'93Sample App\'94. The main goal of the project is to fetching the data from the server without using SwiftUI/storyboards/nibs.
\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Project Description
\f1\b0\fs22 \
In this application, we are retrieving a list of 100 music albums along with their associated data from the server. We have two screens here. One displays the album cover, artist, and album title. By clicking on albums, the user can open the Music Detailed Screen. There are displayed the release date, copyright details, genres, artist name, and album name
\fs24 .
\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi60\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx180\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs24 \cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}We Repository Pattern to handle local and remote data sources in the application.
\f1\fs22 \
\pard\tx195\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\fs20 \cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f2\fs24 Auto Layout/programmatic UI- We use Auto Layout/programmatic UI.
\f1\fs22 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f2\fs24 Allow the user to retry the network call if it fails and there isn\'92t any data in the local database.
\f1\fs22 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f2\fs24 Network error handling- network error is handle in application if error like status 500 internal server or other error.
\f1\fs22 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f2\fs24 Made the app without using Storyboard/nibs/swiftUI
\f1\fs22 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f2\fs24 Lazy image fetching Using cocoa Pod.
\f1\fs22 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f2\fs24 Working on Xcode 13.3 version.
\f1\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \'a0How to Install and Run the Project
\f1\b0\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf2 for installing the project you have to visit  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/HimanshuUVE/Iphone-Assignment"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://github.com/HimanshuUVE/Iphone-Assignment}}\cf4 \
\cf2 \
	\'95	Click on code button.
\f1\fs22 \

\f2\fs24 	\'95	Download the Zip file.
\f1\fs22 \

\f2\fs24 	\'95	Open in X code.
\f1\fs22 \

\f2\fs24 	\'95	Run using command+R}